[MUSIC] My name is Jez. I'm an SRE here at Google, and my job is about making
sure that Google's systems stay up and are reliable. So what would I tell
someone who is new to Agile and DevOps about really what this is about and what
you do to be effective? Fundamentally, Agile and DevOps are about solving
complex problems. You solve a big problem by splitting it up into smaller chunks
and then working out which of those chunks you can deliver first, in such a way
that you will maximize the information that you gain, which will help you solve
the bigger problem, and then iterating and keeping on doing that. Not only will
you discover better how to solve your problem in a way that actually makes life
better for your users, makes them more awesome in what they do, you'll also
discover about how to do that, like what process will work most effectively.
Here's the user problem that we want to solve. You go and work out how to do it.
What I've seen happen in the last ten years is taking the front end of that
process, the planning process, and bringing that into the team. Taking the back
end part of the process, the release and operational part, and bringing that
into the team and then making that very religiously user-centered. So how do we
make everything user-centered and bring that into the team as well? That I think
has been a big transformation and we are a long way from being done with that.
The other piece to success in Agile that I think people talk about but isn't
sufficiently internalized is that you are going to make a ton of mistakes,
especially as a new person, you're going to make a ton of mistakes. That's okay.
You can't learn if you don't make mistakes. First of all, don't expect that
you'll get it right the first time or the second time or ever.  I still make
mistakes all the time. I've seen actually a lot of evolution of Agile over the
15 years that I've been involved in it in organizations of all different kinds
all over the world. It works. [SOUND]